 1. i do henna, photography, my class of 2025-26 graduation in sec 5 change from secondary 4 to 5 if any errors made previously, 
 2. and my photo with cat pillow i love animals and cats someth, put it in slideshow, 
 3. moon photography and trees photography, 
 4. and please for the many peoples photo can you crop it a bit from top cus it shows someones insta account! its for my graduating class.
 5. so now add an extra tile in works page for my graduation class pic, saying i graduaating from westmount high, 
 6. the other new tile for henna art, merges with embroidery too, 
 7. and another tile for photograpphy that has these two pictures of one of trees other of moon and camera, 
 8. all these tiles will be put in the topmost tiles of works page. 
 9. and the last photo showing me in a diagonal frame can be used as an extra first slide of the slideshow in home page saying, Hi! im Geetika! 
 10. also since it is a vertical photo for a landscape slideshow put its blurred zoomed form in background but dont crop this one on the top of its zoomed versoion
 11. for the gel electrophoresis photo for the slideshow, replace the photo with this one ive sent you: 
 12. ryan princess wasnt a competition, i was given this title in my annual day on both years: grade 3 and grade 5, ryan prince/ess are the 2 people who are valedictorians but for the specific grade, not just for the graduating grade but this happened to all grades in school.
 13. remove one of the two duplicate photos in veere di wedding - dubbing tile as well as its presence also in voice and screen tile. 
 14. there are also duplicates of barun sobti photo and on set iss pyar ka kya naam doon photo in star parivar. also that tile is named and grouped wrong cus it has the colours serial woh apna sa works also in it so divide and create a new tile for woh aplna sa. 
 15. there is also the annoying tile of media credits that should have each photo/video as its own tile cus its so diverse. also u didnt put several photos of gladrags and me with wadia photos as a separate tile!
 16. rename side quests tile as aerobics, gymnastics and dance with hula hoop tricks at the age of 7 
 17. put the top 10 finalist tile of "on screen" below barun sobti photo tile cus it has too much space below it. 
 18. i wasnt in jazz band but in music class sec 4 where we performed jazz on stage me played electric guitar.
 19. you go through every task list below and check if u did it u asshole. you left several, like fl studio etc etc: check which ones you didnt do in this list and do it and check again if u left out. i pasted it and its attached. 
 20. you also go through every task list here in these 20 tasks and check if u did it u asshole. you tend to leave several always. check which ones you didnt do in this list and do it and check again if u left out. 

 